For Hillary:
(1). hashtag
?@iDanielTX  
that's Madam President as of tomorrow #StrongerTogether

?@AdamsFlaFan  
Hopefully the Electoral College will #VoteForHillary

?@heykershner  
The world is watching ElectoralCollge #VoteForHillary

?@NotFromOff  
If you didn't #VoteForHillary for whatever reason, then fuck off, you own what you got

?@killerboylm  
The most viable now is Clinton #ImWithHer

?@ChrisJZullo  
Need massive investment in renewable energy #imwithher

?@ChrisJZullo  
Republicans want you to think 150 million are lazy rather than 400 being greedy #imwithher 

?@ChrisJZullo 
Never forget Republicans are the swamp itself #imwithher 

(2).keyword
?@lwalkowski24  
Green Day singing "No Trump, No KKK" is somehow unacceptable but Trump saying he can grope 
women is something half of America can disregard.

?@Parker9_  
Trump logic:Feeling entitled to grope women = lockerroom talk

?@garvangrant  
Donald Trump to ban theatre in 2017 No one is allowed to be rude to my vice-president. Now 
I need to go grope some women.

?@cherokee_autumn  
Dear SecretService, please protect Trump because Pence wants women to all together die 
while Trump just wants to grope.

?@lalalindsay13  
My 73 year old Granny's view on Trump: "well I'm not gonna vote for someone who would grope 
my grand daughters"

?@Im_blowing_up  
Trump bragged about women letting him grope them get it right taco bowl.... 

?@andreasharsono  
Trump’s biggest ally in Britain warns him not to grope the British prime minister 

?@TheDailySchmuck  
Now I can grope the whole planet bigly - Trump

(3).JJ
?@hannahlou_  
I'm sick of seeing Donald Trump's disgusting wrinkly old ballsack-esque face it makes me so 
ANGRY

?@J0ann3  
Would Alberta have voted for something as disgusting as Trump?

?@_Inyo_  
Predator Trump, I'll NEVER refer to a racist, sexist, disgusting man as president.

?@cory_foy  
One of the disgusting things about a Trump presidency is the normalization of misogynic 
behaviors and “locker room talk”

?@BreeHappy__  
The amount of Trump signs I've seen this morning is disgusting

?@Stewie0  
I trust Trump - to be consistently disgusting

@ravenstcg  
wont u wash ur hands after shaking them with someone disgusting like trump??

?@ResistTrump_Now 
Trump supporters making disgusting comments about the protesters forget that he lost the 
popular vote, we R the majority. 

(4).NP/VP
?@tariqnasheed  
So the racist Trump supporters created the BoycottHamilton hashtag because the cast don't 
want their law makers to be white nationalists?

?@linnyitssn  
It's only about whether you can be openly racist Trump or you gotta act like you're not 
Ryan

?@TheDailyDigest  
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Claims Beyoncé Can Inspire Minorities to Overcome Racist Trump 

?@NVPeople  
Black University of Pennsylvania students added to n***** lynching chat groups by racist 
Trump fans

?@MelaninMiyah_  
Now I'm not saying that every Trump supporter is racist or violent but, after seeing these 
racist Trump supporters, you can't tell who is 

?@SteveLevine1  
Narcissistic Trump is back to tweeting like Trump again. 

@lcview 
We all know how much narcissistic Trump loves his name on everything.

?@ONE4137  
A narcissistic Trump said  had never asked God for forgiveness. 

(5). Beneficiary
?@CeleryCaraway  
Donald is planning to cut taxes for top 1% again. 

?@Anneredmond13  
Trump wants tax reductions for top 1% repeal estate taxes for people leaving over 5.5 
million! 

?@JohnClubb4  
Trump probably used all tax relief he had coming from 97 that's why he wants tax breaks of 
20% for top 1% so he can avoid more taxes

?@FeliciaGabrie  
Trump childcare plan would save money for Top 1%, and ADD COSTS of Childcare for Middle, 
Low Income families 

@ruudkaren  
Sorry to hear Mr. Wonderful endorse Trump's tax plan with tax breaks for top 1% and corps. 

?@addagio999  
Trump is lying about taxes. His plan raises taxes on the middle class while cutting taxes 
for top 1% 

?@TeddyDavisCNN  
Trump would cut taxes for top 1% by $317,000 per year despite saying in April he believes 
in taxing the wealthy more 

?@EasterLemming  
Trump's new tax plan huge cuts for top 1%, massive debt

(6). Agent
?@victorymonk  
Women vote for Clinton, because they evolved, and men for Trump becuause they didn't. 

?@e1samuel5555  
intellegent women vote for hillary

?@amarvarma  
Southern women VOTE for Hillary VOTE for Inclusiveness VOTE for Caring VOTE for Love 

?@Dawn_Ritchie  
Women VOTE FOR HILLARY & against a bloated, gropy man who dares to rate women on a scale of 
1 to 10 based on their breast size & appearance 

?@deedeesSay  
Latinos vote for Hillary .... PLEASE!!! 

?@waldy_smith  
Latinos support Hillary in Florida

?@MKlave  
Latinos support Hillary. I'm blocking u so you dont get paid forctrolling me. 

?@rover09151976  
Latinos support Hillary!! Viva Hillary!! 

For Trump:
(1). hashtag
?@RyanGraham10  
Watch AlvedaCKing stand up for future Attorney General jeffsessions against media hoaxes 
and slurs #DrainTheSwamp 

?@dmon4ever  
the Islamist 5th column has infected our government #DrainTheSwamp 

?@KNP2BP  
#draintheswamp including celebrity hypocrites! 

?@anne19brown  
The more Trump-Bashing they do, the stronger we become #DrainTheSwamp

?@The_Trump_Train  
To all those who have served this nation, I say so strongly, I will never let you down 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

?@hectormorenco  
How great is it knowing these three terrible people are now just ordinary citizens again 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

?@KTHopkins  
Speaking up for those whose voices were silenced #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 

?@WhiteGenocideT3  
realDonaldTrump Everyone loves both you and Mr. Pence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

(2). keyword
?@Crystaleddy30  
you mean Hillary is a killer Benghazi

?@Pamela_Moore13  
Hillary Clinton asks judge to toss defamation case filed by parents of Benghazi

?@WayneDupreeShow  
The same media that promoted the YouTube video blamed for Benghazi death of four Americans 
is lecturing us on "fake news"

?@martucci_peter  
I don’t think Hillary has a soul. I hope it haunts her. - former ranger Kris “Tanto” 
Paronto Benghazi Survivor 

?@MrDane1982  
Hillary Clinton had emails, Benghazi and Clinton Foundation. 

@JrcheneyJohn  
Donors to the criminal Clinton Foundation are becoming Scarce 

?@DineshDSouza  
I see "donations" to the Clinton Foundation have plummeted--that's because Hillary no 
longer has a product to sell

?@TaylorEgly  
Donations to The Clinton Foundation have tanked since the election since Hillary is no 
longer in a position to be bribed.

(3). JJ
??@d_seaman  
Hillary is dishonest, and factually evil in a way that's fascinating but profoundly 
unsettling.

?@SRJ7  
It was because Hillary was the most dishonest corrupt candidate in our lifetime 

?@LDSDailyMessage  
Hillary's dishonest and fear-mongering rhetoric is to blame for the TrumpRiot

?@BarbSchroeder6  
Hillary is corrupt and dishonest and most felt this way

?@southernliving0  
Hillary is a very dishonest and flawed person

?@missportdover  
Lots of liars and cheaters in the swamp plus 45 "jounalists" who are as dishonest as 
Hostile Hillary herself 

?@LareBear45  
It is just that Hillary is very dishonest and corrupt

?@Kayla_Marie2121
Hillary is the most corrupt, crooked, deceitful, dishonest, sinister woman I've ever seen. 

(4). NP/VP
?@realDonaldTrump
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in 
the debate?

?@BeaverFmOregon  
Crooked and dishonest Hillary is responsible for loosing the election

?@kendall_kh  
That is the reason why this country is messed up crooked Hillary and her dishonest people

@TrumpSoldOut  
CNN's free Trump publicity during GOP primaries won the bafoon the nomination and then 
backfired when Crooked Hillary lost

?@terry6420  
Trump campaign on getting justice regarding crooked Hillary

?@burtjack  
Crooked Hillary supporters exposed for what they are fascists violent leftist protestors 
cannot accept Trump victory let them move to Cuba

?@trickytweeter  
Crooked Hillary has earned a Participation Trophy

?@is_that_true  
So thankful crooked Hillary is in the dumpster 

(5). Beneficiary
?@jillosophy  
Dem “Immigration reform” means amnesty for illegal immigrants and incentives for more to 
come.

?@dcexaminer  
Hillary Clinton's amnesty for illegal immigrants to raise taxes $15,000 per household 

?@speak4Him  
Democrats Vote to Cut Veterans’ Pensions to Pay for Illegal Immigrants 

?@theeredbar0n  
How could someone support amnesty for illegal immigrants and support expanding the welfare 
state 

? ?@Lady_Lbrty  
she's working for illegal immigrants and Muslim migrants. She hates Americans, like Obama 

?@sommergirl34  
hard working Americans are paying for all of these food stamps and health care for illegal 
immigrants!!

@Wjk1027
Hillary steal from Medicar and SocSec for illegal immigrants?  

?@TheBiancaWare  
Crooked hillary is fighting for illegal immigrants. 

(6). Agent
?@reading0101  
Veterans vote for America! Veterans vote for TRUMP!

?@Rockmen_Blaire  
veterans vote for trump!!!!!!America needs him!!!!!

?@BookcriticNY  
10,000 Veterans vote for Trump...help our vets build the wall 

?@TinaSackman1  
All Military And Veterans VOTE FOR TRUMP!! 

?@Todd_J  
cops support trump. that's pretty much all you need to know 

?@TheDailyBail  
Cops support Trump with passion... 

?@Fernando_B622  
Cops support trump because they both want law and order 

?@CopsforTrump  
Cops support Trump and he supports them.  The border is a joke and only Trump will fix  

Neutral
?@abelmargo7  
Thank you go out and vote 

@kennethgyamfi49  
Peace can’t be bought. Go out and vote peacefully 

?@CGouanfo  
Go out and vote. Your vote really matters 

?@emlavs  
if i was american, i'd more upset about the people who didn't go out & vote, than the ones 
who voted for the bag of shit.

?@BBCNUSA  
The first Presidential debate is this Sunday, 11/13! 

?@Newsweek  
Veteran journalist Gwen Ifill was part of the first all-female team to anchor a main 
Democratic presidential debate. 

?@oliverdarcy  
Watching the first GOP presidential debate and realizing nothing really ever changed. 

?@TruStorey  
The presidential debate that I really wanted was Ted Cruz vs Bernie Sanders

?@solcaleb  
Presidential debate: Who won - Trump or Clinton? 

?@Laiath  
During the 2nd presidential debate, which candidate promised to keep what works of the ACA 
and amend what doesn't? 

?@Barron_Nel  
Vice Presidential Debate, Kaine, Pence Share Plans to Unify the Nation 

?@leathershirts 
Don't forget to get out and Vote

@TJFoley357 
get out and vote people this is important

?@Ms_Kaljaj  
Wow, the voter turnout is so dismally low. We need to get out and vote! 

?@luke_tyree  
Remember to get out and vote today 

?@rebekahstutheit  
wish more people would get out and VOTE

?@Seyalala  
Everyone remember to get out and vote today

?@jordanewest  
Hey you guys make sure you get out and vote today

?@howiemandel  
Alrighty. Let's get out and Vote

?@Carter_Helton 
Can't wait to get out and vote today

@nickkreiss  
Not the best warm up. Let's get out and vote today!

?@chetspeak  
Get out and vote

?@arcara_0  
Today's the day! Make sure you get out and vote!

?@RyanHuckleby  
Today's the day!! Get out and vote!

?@danchovy  
Can't wait to get out and vote today

?@_madisongianni  
I feel like a lot of people didn't get out and vote like they did when Obama was running.

?@sammyp  
Election Day! Don't forget to get out and vote!!

?@pokejungle 
Just a friendly reminder to our US followers to get out and vote today!! 

?@Codiology 
did you get out and vote today?

?@TheBasedSam  
Make sure you all get out and vote tomorrow
 






